are you guys good taking it like this I
don't know you guys usually thank your
money we're not gonna need your money
[Music]
you've got more in that box and your
father is made in this entire life you
want to risk it on a drug deal we're
taking it all over you sit here all safe
and cozy risk-free we walk away with
three million
hurry look we can't stake you
where are we going what is the last
thing you remember
I don't know what's your name mo oh I
think swear he's been calling me
let's bring anything back about this
drug deal oh we took this from dirty
cops trying to kill us
and before we unload it my uncle might
decide it's easier to kill us himself
than clean up the mess he'll open us up
to this you refinishing You Don't Know
Who I am I'll feel anything
we know that guy
[Music]
you got an hour tops to clean up we
don't pull the trigger unless he has the
cash anything goes wrong you're off the
hook
[Music]
I'm not off the hook when you're dead
clock is ticking
there is no bone back feel like I'm
running
why
[Music]